hello to all and we are not on
a video 2 eleven
so today I 'm going to show you
how to make an inverter so with
two solar panels so I you
showed because in fact the principle
solar panels is that it
light collar of light and me this
that I would like to show you this is
how the elect but when it is dark
because it's so much more useful
for that we made an inverter I
you were showing here the proof the
shudder my house ah yes I specify that
I just creative but I allowed
cheating
so I made my house like that and
I would love to put you in
comment as solo
if we can put the day or the night
here it was a little parenthesis so
to make an inverter so you you
just have to put a solar panel
of lara stone so there it is day in
the urss to him but there you do
the inverter so the lamp is off this
which turns off the language of
redstone
then it will not be long to get dark
so here's that game after game 3 in
hand on my house
so I'll take you a bunch
house waiting until almost night
So So here cares but
just the restaurant languages for you
show so you can do several
deco good there I took those who
ate the best and they were
so you're going to knock a panel
solar there as I showed down
restore it the inverter and lara stone
he really stupid she was doing
every day so that it touches all
lamps
here we are chilling the keys all
doubled middle beaumont because it takes
lyricist stopping stone to the lamp
so there's more than two games
because I see that it is it does
not long
I'm going to wait for you
I'm going to open a little parenthesis this
so that's wink the g8 of a video on
you will be issued a video that's the
presentation of a channel not mine of
my jean channel makes it clear that he
is done so this is the only video
lemmy is here so I take advantage
it's version 1.5 one finds
solar panels takes advantage of this for
put another video that will be you
useful I hope so here is no
late to do so that's why
I would like you to put a
comment if we can have
put the enemy or the daydain as
cheat because here we get bored a little
that's it
here
we did not delay there again the time
so I 'm really sorry for that
time but it's also a way a
little bit so I'm going to put a roof of
My house
in the meantime you can hide the
restaurant and besides I'm not going to
to do there we avatars houses a little
stalled
So that's worked
you see that now it's dark
and who thanks to an inverter and the
tintin I specify because you see that the
stopping stone is off
so that's good and a light subject that
did there was to him so
the inverter that makes that turns on
that she lights up all the lamps
So here so that you ben voila I
so I said to myself as thaler you me
hid down I think yes it's
So everything I say bah more for
a new video because I'm going to put some
others do not worry remember
not that low if not remember it
what you want but so what if you
rained
love and if you follow a lot my
videos and you loved my two videos
because next with two but you
worry I will put
many frolics subscribe so here you are
I tell you more and yeah bah more
Hi